Adding information to arcadesdk.md to explain why we specify dotnet.exe properties to target a matching .Net Core SDK version in servicing branches. (#14542)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/ArcadeSdk.md

Note: defining `runtimes` in your global.json will signal to Arcade to install a local version of the SDK for the runtimes to use rather than depending on a matching global SDK.

> **Servicing Support Notes:**

Reviewer: I disagree w/ making this servicing-specific though problems are most likely to occur there. add the same global.json changes across existing servicing branches **plus** main. we want to avoid rolling past the current (100) feature band and make sure future servicing branches are also protected.

Author: Do you have a suggestion for a topic for this information?

This PR is only the documentation side of the issue I am working on. 

The intent is to add these setting to all branches including main.

I believe the issue this solve is specific to servicing, only because the 'default' behavior of dotnet.exe is in alignment with the 'desired' behavior for arcade in non-servicing branches.

In other works, it works in non-servicing branches due to convention not intention, but it still works.

Reviewer: "global.json content in this repository"

Reviewer: oh, nit: we could start building 9.0.200 SDKs before we release 9.0. then alignment fails again but for main

> Arcade uses dotnet.exe to specify the target .Net Core SDK. However dotnet.exe has it's own property settings in global.json and does not 

Reviewer: dotnet.exe is Windows-specific and "it's" is incorrect
```suggestion
Arcade uses `dotnet` to specify the target .Net Core SDK. However `dotnet` has its own property settings in global.json and does not 
```
same for dotnet.exe throughout this addition

> obey the arcade tools.dotnet JSON specification. Dotnet.exe's default behavior is to use the latest version of the .Net Core SDK. As products 

Reviewer: suggest deleting "and does not obey the arcade tools.dotnet JSON specification".  it feels too .NET 101 to me

move to servicing life cycles, CI build machine may have multiple versions of the SDK installed and arcade will point to an old version. When 
that occurs dotnet.exe by default will still use the latest version of the SDK which will lead to Validation failures in our CI builds do to 
version mismatches between Asp.Net and .Net Core SDKs. To resolve this issue we must add explicit property setting to the global.json file

> that will force dotnet.exe to target the same version that arcade targets

Reviewer: explanation leaves me confused. it doesn't mention Helix (which is a big part of why validation fails), it sounds like arcade and `dotnet` are in any way similar, and ignores fact mismatches have implications beyond aspnet-versioncheck.ps1.

the bottom line is much simpler: we include `tools/dotnet` to install the SDK version requested (that's all that section does in this case) and `sdk` to ensure that SDK (or a slightly newer one) is what's used in builds. we want that alignment to avoid unexpected issues, especially in servicing

Author: Rather than trying to rework my initial comments, since they are based on 2nd hand descriptions of an issue I don't fully understand.

Lets try to start again from scratch.

**_If you were to provide the description for why we should have these setting in our global.json file what would you say?_**

Author: Lets just throw out allt he current descriptors and let me know how you would provide a header for the following code snippet in this wiki.

````json
{
  "sdk": {
    "version": "7.0.116",
    "rollForward": "latestFeature"
  },
  "tools": {
    "dotnet": "7.0.116"
  }
}
```
`

Reviewer: I'd describe the fail content as
>  we include `tools/dotnet` to install the SDK version requested (that's all that section does in this case) and `sdk` to ensure that SDK (or a slightly newer one) is what's used in builds. we want that alignment to avoid unexpected issues, especially in servicing

Reviewer: if you want to mention previous issues w/ aspnet-versioncheck.ps1 or an inability to start `dotnet` as an example of misalignment issues, I'd probably just link to the issue describing the problems

Author: Ok, I removed the previous head descriptions and added the description above.
